In this topic I'd like to cover cloud concepts and how Microsoft 365 allows you to implement 
structured security regulations built into the Microsoft 365 system.
This will also cover pricing and support, and the overiew of public, private, and hybrid clouds; 
and their on-premise and cloud based data solutions.

The cloud is a relatively new concept, popularized in the 2000s. Everyone knows what a cloud means "data stored eslwhere"
but when you drill down and what it is, its not common knowledge.
  1. Networking, acessing files on a server
  2. Using the internet to connect to said server
  3. Services 

Services____
-Data, store in the server or database
-Networking, again data stored on a database but within a LAN or WAN
-Applications, accessed virtually, using said data
-VMs (Virtual Machines), fully operational computers running an OS apart from your own
-Analytics, allows you to analyze information store about the information being used on your server

Cloud types____
-Public, space purchased on servers to share information within a company
-Private, a dedicated server for a single organization to use with no pre set apps
-Hybrid, combination of the first two, holding some services on cloud and some on dedicated


Windows 10 Enterprise Tools____
  -Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection: A simple virus protection service that works to pre-emptively
negate and defend users from viruses, BEFORE they affect a operating system. This is automated, cloud enabled,
and always updates automatically. This includes Application control for addmins, application guard to avoid malware,
and credentials guard to allow admins to control user access.
  -Windows update tool: Desktop analytics for device health, offers 30 month support for september releases.
Additionally offers a Long term systm channel, that ensure no changes in functionality over time.
  -Windows 10 etnerprise Management: INcludes virtual desktop, accessed on azure servers allowing users to access
their desktops at any time. User experience manager allows admins to change users application access and feature access.
Finally, cloud activation allows user to upgrade to new versions of windows.
  -UE-V or User Enviroment Virtualization allows windows to store user preferences and create a smoother experience'
when using different desktops and the same user settings.
  -Application virtualization (App-v) allows admins to provide virtualized win32 apps to users to allow backward compatibility.

Now we have a basic understanding of the topics discussed, we'll start to understand the applications offerede
within Microsoft 365 and how to impliment their measures into our cloud system.

Scenario:
Your team is working on a project, and you want specific people to have access to the project documents in a SharePoint library. 
You need to:
Add permissions for new team members to view and edit the documents.
Remove permissions from team members who are no longer part of the project.

Adding Permissions for New Users

Go to the Document Library:
Sign into the Microsoft 365 admin portal and navigate to SharePoint.
Find and open the specific document library where you want to manage permissions.
Open Library Settings:
In the document library, click on the “Settings” gear icon in the top-right corner.
Select “Library settings.”
Manage Access:
In the library settings, go to “Permissions for this document library.”
Click on “Grant Access” or “Invite people,” and enter the email addresses of the users you want to add.
Set Permission Level:
Assign the desired permissions: “Read” (view only) or “Edit” (view and edit).
Click “Share” or “Send,” depending on your SharePoint version.

Removing Permissions for existing users:
Go to Permissions:
Return to the document library settings, as before.
Select “Permissions for this document library.”
Find the User to Remove:
In the permissions list, locate the user whose access you want to revoke.
Select the checkbox next to their name.
Remove Permissions:
Click on “Remove User Permissions.”
Confirm the action, and the user will no longer have access to the document library.

Alternatively, it is possible to do this via powershell:

For larger organizations or bulk updates, PowerShell can streamline the process:

Open PowerShell and connect to SharePoint Online:
powershell
Connect-SPOService -Url https://yourdomain-admin.sharepoint.com

Grant Access to multiple users (replace placeholders with actual data):
powershell
Set-SPOUser -Site https://yourdomain.sharepoint.com/sites/YourSiteName -LoginName user@example.com -IsSiteCollectionAdmin $true

Revoke Access for multiple users:
powershell
Remove-SPOUser -Site https://yourdomain.sharepoint.com/sites/YourSiteName -LoginName user@example.com
